Anduril Industries is a defense technology company with a mission to transform U.S. and allied military capabilities with advanced technology. By bringing the expertise, technology, and business model of the 21st century’s most innovative companies to the defense industry, Anduril is changing how military systems are designed, built and sold. Anduril’s family of systems is powered by Lattice OS, an AI-powered operating system that turns thousands of data streams into a realtime, 3D command and control center. As the world enters an era of strategic competition, Anduril is committed to bringing cutting-edge autonomy, AI, computer vision, sensor fusion, and networking technology to the military in months, not years.

What You’ll Do

We build Lattice, the foundation for everything we do as a defense technology company. Our engineers are talented and hard-working, motivated to see their work rapidly deployed on the front lines. Our team is not just building an experiment in waiting, we deploy what we build on the Southern border, Iraq, Ukraine and more.

We have open roles across Platform Engineering, ranging from core infrastructure to distributed systems, web development, networking and more. We hire self-motivated people, those who hold a higher bar for themselves than anyone else could hold for them. If you love building infrastructure, platform services, or just working in high performing engineering cultures we invite you to apply!

Required Qualifications

At least 3+ years working with a variety of programming languages such as Rust, Go, C++, Java, Python, JavaScript/TypeScript, etc.
Have experience working with customers to deliver novel software capabilities
Want to work on building and integrating model/software/hardware-in-the-loop components by leveraging first and third party technologies (related to simulation, data management, compute infrastructure, networking, and more). 
Love building platform and infrastructure tooling that enables other software engineers to scale their output
Enjoy collaborating with team members and partners in the autonomy domain, and building technologies and processes which enable users to safely and rapidly develop and deploy autonomous systems at scale.
Must be a U.S. Person due to required access to U.S. export controlled information or facilities

Note: The above bullet points describe the ideal candidate. None of us matched all of these at once when we first joined Anduril. We encourage you to apply even if you believe you meet only part of our wish list.

Preferred Qualifications

You've built or invented something: an app, a website, game, startup
Previous experience working in an engineering setting: a startup (or startup-like environment), engineering school, etc. If you've succeeded in a low structure, high autonomy environment you'll succeed here!
Professional software development lifecycle experience using tools such as version control, CICD systems, etc.
A deep, demonstrated understanding of how computers and networks work, from a single desktop to a multi-cluster cloud node
Experience building scalable backend software systems with various data storage and processing requirements
Experience with industry standard cloud platforms (AWS, Azure), CI/CD tools, and software infrastructure fundamentals (networking, security, distributed systems)
Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases
Experience implementing robot or autonomous vehicle testing frameworks in a software-in-the-loop or hardware-in-the-loop (HITL) environment
Experience with modern build and deployment tooling (e.g. NixOS, Terraform)
Experience designing complex software systems, and iterating upon designs via a technical design review process
Familiarity with industry standard monitoring, logging, and data management tools and best practices
A bias towards rapid delivery and iteration

Salary: $138K - $207K + RSU

Benefits

The salary range for this role is an estimate based on a wide range of compensation factors, inclusive of base salary only. Actual salary offer may vary based on (but not limited to) work experience, education and/or training, critical skills, and/or business considerations. Highly competitive equity grants are included in the majority of full time offers; and are considered part of Anduril's total compensation package. Additionally, Anduril offers top-tier benefits for full-time employees, including: 

Platinum Healthcare Benefits: For U.S. roles, we offer comprehensive medical, dental, and vision plans at little to no cost to you.
For UK roles, Private Medical Insurance (PMI): Anduril will cover the full cost of the insurance premium for an employee and dependents.
For AUS roles, Private health plan through Bupa: Coverage is fully subsidized by Anduril.
Basic Life/AD&D and long-term disability insurance 100% covered by Anduril, plus the option to purchase additional life insurance for you and your dependents.
Extremely generous company holiday calendar including a holiday hiatus in December, and highly competitive PTO plans.
16 weeks of paid Caregiver & Wellness Leave to care for a family member, bond with your baby, or tend to your own medical condition.
Family Planning & Parenting Support: Fertility (eg, IVF, preservation), adoption, and gestational carrier coverage with additional benefits and resources to provide support from planning to parenting.
Mental Health Resources: We provide free mental health resources 24/7 including therapy, life coaching, and more. Additional work-life services, such as free legal and financial support, available to you as well.
A professional development stipend is available to all Andurilians.
Daily Meals and Provisions: For many of our offices this means breakfast, lunch and fully stocked micro-kitchens.
Company-funded commuter benefits available based on your region.
Relocation assistance (depending on role eligibility).
401(k) retirement savings plan - both a traditional and Roth 401(k). (US roles only)
The recruiter assigned to this role can share more information about the specific compensation and benefit details associated with this role during the hiring process.

Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace. The Anduril team is made up of incredibly talented and unique individuals, who together are disrupting industry norms by creating new paths towards the future of defense technology. All qualified applicants will be treated with respect and receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, uniform service, Veteran status, age, or any other protected characteristic per federal, state, or local law, including those with a criminal history, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the CA Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. We actively encourage members of recognized minorities, women, Veterans, and those with disabilities to apply, and we work to create a welcoming and supportive environment for all applicants throughout the interview process. If you are someone passionate about working on problems that have a real-world impact, we'd love to hear from you!