About the job
Seamark Seafood & Cocktails

Opened April 2024 at Encore Boston Harbor, Seamark will offer a contemporary interpretation of New England's timeless seafood dining experience, boasting a bounty of elevated favorites and featuring the freshest pier to plate fish, lobster and shellfish available. 

 
Position Summary

The Executive Chef De Cuisine directly supports the Corporate Chef in all aspects of BOH operations; oversees kitchen operations to ensure safety, quality, recipe accuracy and financial profitability. Additionally, the Executive Chef De Cuisine is responsible for the scheduling, training, access, and professional development of all kitchen employees. The Executive Chef De Cuisine will be responsible for the safety and success of the kitchen when the Corporate Chef is away.


Duties and Responsibilities

Displays an in-depth knowledge of assigned recipes and actively shares new culinary knowledge. 
Possesses in-depth knowledge of operational systems, which includes payroll, inventory and purchasing.
Conducts decision-making process for interviewing, hiring, and training new applicants.
Responsible for all kitchen job performance reviews.
Coaches and develops heart-of-house employees by setting clear guidelines and expectations.
Ensures that all mechanical systems are in good working order and compliant with all federal, state, and local ordinances.
Ensures all employees are compliant with all BOH standards and procedures.
Portrays a positive and professional attitude and appearance.
Understands the policies and procedures of the organization and adheres to the Company standards outlined in the company Handbook.
Complete all required Jolt checklists.
Works with safety as a priority and follows department and company safety standards.
Maintains relevant knowledge of industry through continuing education and training.
Attend and participate in any training sessions, departmental meetings, and daily pre-service meetings.
Ensures the well-being of all guests and co-workers by following the Company Safety Standards and maintaining compliance with the Department of Health and OSHAA.
All other duties as assigned.
 
OUR IDEAL CANDIDATE

Experience, Education, and Certifications

Has at least 5 years previous experience as a Sous Chef in a medium/high volume restaurant.
Sanitation knowledge, culinary knowledge, and demonstrated knife skills and safe food handling required.
Current Massachusetts Food Handler Card.
Skills

Can illustrate consultative skills and ability to work cross-functionally.
Exhibits excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Has conversational fluency in Spanish
Displays strong menu planning and demonstrated financial acumen with P&L statements, and labor models.
Possesses excellent organizational skills, problem-solving skills, and time management ability.
Demonstrates strong problem-solving skills through the ability to diagnose and develop recommended solutions.
Computer proficient to include Microsoft word and Excel.
Takes appropriate actions to maintain and/or repair all BOH equipment to ensure staff safety.
Physical Demands

Ability to move throughout the business (standing, walking, kneeling, bending) for extended periods.
Ability to make repeating movements of the arms, hands, and wrists.
Manual dexterity, hand-eye coordination, and ability to work with hand above shoulders.
Ability to regularly move objects (lift, push, pull, balance, carry) up to 50 pounds/25 kilograms.
Ability to turn or twist body parts in a circular motion.
Ability to tolerate exposure to heat, cold, chemicals, and loud/noisy environments.
Additional Requirements

Ability to work evenings, weekends, and holidays, as needed.


As an important member of our team, you’ll be eligible for:

Health, Dental, and Vision insurance
Competitive Pay
The employee is expected to adhere to all company policies and to function as a role model. This is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, requirements, or working conditions associated with the job. Carver Road Hospitality reserves the right to make changes to the above job description and all other duties assigned. Nothing herein shall restrict Carver Road Hospitality management’s right to assign or reassign tasks, duties, or responsibilities to this job at any time. We are an equal-opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusion.