About the job
Job Description

Are you ready to use your life experience to make a bigger impact?

Is it time to explore new challenges and acquire new skills? If you’re considering a fresh start in a new career or returning to work after a career break - we have the perfect solution for you! Whether you are transitioning from another industry or returning to work full time after a break, Fidelity recognizes the value in your life experience and the unique skills you bring to the table. We want to partner with you in a program where you will use your life experience to connect personally with clients and lead them on a path of financial security. Have you always had an interest in investment products? Do you value you the importance of having a sound financial plan? We offer a Financial Consultant opportunity that provides structured training with a clear path to becoming a full-time consultant at Fidelity. This program is a paid opportunity, specifically designed to help you transition into financial service sales. In the FC Acceleration Program, you will receive best-in-class training and skill development that will help you acclimate seamlessly into a new consultant position.

Robust & formal training schedule both in classroom and in a branch, to develop the skills you need to build meaningful relationships with clients
Structured study sessions working to obtain your Series 7 & Series 66 licenses

Whether you’re new to the industry or returning to a career in financial services, you’ll receive

Customized coaching and development for a career in financial planning
Generous, predictable compensation throughout the program

Starting over or starting again - let us support you.

Your sharp focus, motivation and desire to make a positive impact in your community are prime attributes as you learn to provide the appropriate investment solutions to existing clients and help expand the acquisition of new customers.

The Experience We’re Looking For

5 or more years of successful sales experience in another industry
Keen ability to present complex solutions or products to a sophisticated client base
Degree and/or other professional certifications highly preferred, but not required

The Skills You Bring

Enthusiasm for learning about investment products so that you may help customers make more informed decisions that enable them to plan for a strong financial future
You are comfortable working in an energetic sales environment
Committed to delivering an outstanding customer experience, you have a passion for seeing those in your community thrive
Motivated by results, you take initiative and exceed expectations

The Value You Deliver

Supporting our client by providing comprehensive investment solutions and retirement plans to meet their needs both now, and for their future
Effectively engage clients through personal interactions, reflecting your interpersonal communication and relationship building skills
Continue to make a positive impact on your community while honing your professional skills and experience

How Your Work Impacts the Organization

Working in our Investor Center, you will learn how to offer guidance and personalized financial planning to customers in a face to face setting, and help to extend the reach of Fidelity’s brand. At Fidelity, you’ll have the support of a well-rounded team of professionals and full access to some of the best resources and tools in the industry. You’ll be making a difference while moving your career in an exciting new direction!

Certifications

Series 07 - FINRA, Series 63 - FINRA, Series 66 - FINRA

Category

Sales

Fidelity’s hybrid working model blends the best of both onsite and offsite work experiences. Working onsite is important for our business strategy and our culture. We also value the benefits that working offsite offers associates. Most hybrid roles require associates to work onsite every other week (all business days, M-F) in a Fidelity office.