Associate Scientist - Vaccines

Why Patients Need You


Pfizer’s purpose is to deliver breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. Research and Development is at the heart of fulfilling Pfizer’s purpose as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the therapies and vaccines that matter most. Whether you are in the discovery sciences, ensuring drug safety and efficacy or supporting clinical trials, you will apply cutting edge design and process development capabilities to accelerate and bring the best-in-class medicines to patients around the world.


What You Will Achieve

As an Associate Scientist, you will be at the center of our operations and you’ll find that everything we do, every day, is in line with an unwavering commitment to quality. You will have the important role to generate high-quality immunoassay data in a regulated Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) setting to support Pfizer’s vaccine programs according to Standard Operating Procedures. You will support the assay development and technology transfer and integration of new laboratory immunoassays into the cGLP space, support assay validation projects and monitor immunoassay lifecycle. In addition, you will also support throughput activities and provide testing support for clinical and non-clinical research programs.

Your strong foundation in general scientific practice, its principles and concepts will help in meeting critical deadlines. You will be relied on as a technical contributor to assess the assigned tasks and make decisions that involve direct application of your knowledge.

It is your hard work and focus that will make Pfizer ready to achieve new milestones and help patients across the globe.


How You Will Achieve It

Exercise and build basic team effectiveness skills {e.g., commitment, feedback, consensus management} within the immediate work group.

Adhere to safety and security practices.

Perform job responsibilities in compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices/ Good Laboratory Practice (cGMP/GLP) and all other regulatory agency requirements.

Assist in updating and writing documents associated with bio-functional assays, including information/data archiving, Standard Operating Procedure and status reports.

Assist in ordering supplies from internal inventory and prepare reagents/supplies necessary for bio-functional assay work.

Perform bio functional immunological assays to support vaccine clinical development in a high throughput setting.

Perform experiments related to the development, qualification, and validation of biofunctional assays.

Conduct clinical assays in accordance with Good Clinical Laboratory Practice (GCLP) requirements.

Work safely and aseptically with microorganisms and cell cultures.

Present progress on assay development and sample analysis to colleagues and senior management.

Collect and analyze data on a per project basis to support troubleshooting, qualification, validation, and other lab projects.

Provide critical data review of clinical and non-clinical data.

Execute sample testing and analysis for toxicology and clinical trials.

Stay current on all departmental and corporate training.


Qualifications

Must-Have

Bachelor's Degree in a relevant field of science with 0 to 3 years of relevant experience

Laboratory experience in a relevant field of biological science

Strong attention to detail and ability to collaborate and work in team environment

Good Computer skills including word processing, Excel, PowerPoint and relevant scientific software


Nice-to-Have

Pharmaceutical and biotech drug discovery or vaccine development experience

Knowledge of viruses, bacteria, mammalian cells, bioassays, and aseptic techniques.

Experience in developing and troubleshooting bioassays designed to assess antibody functionality

