As part of the Thermo Fisher Scientific team, you’ll discover meaningful work that makes a positive impact on a global scale. Join our colleagues in bringing our Mission to life every single day to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We provide our global teams with the resources needed to achieve individual career goals while helping to take science a step beyond by developing solutions for some of the world’s toughest challenges, like protecting the environment, making sure our food is safe or helping find cures for cancer.

Program Administration Business Analyst

Join a dynamic team at Thermo Fisher Scientific as a Program Administration Business Analyst, where you will contribute to world-class solutions!

Scope of Work:

Assist with program administration continuous efforts in CIS for our Enterprise PPM tool (Planview EPPM) as well as other program administrative duties as assigned. EPPM responsibilities include understanding key requirements from partners, building out team/resource structure, and driving improvements such as report writing, dashboard development, process improvement (PPI), and weekly presentations to key CIS leadership team members.

Day in life

Work directly with the Program Manager to drive adoption of the company EPPM tool through CIS.
Monitor and report EPPM for completion of timesheets and approvals; notify team members who have not completed the required elements.
Handle individual assignments, influence team members, lead meetings, and present to key CIS personnel.
Ensure work achievements and targets are met by managing tasks daily through resource, issue, and risk management.
Track accomplishments and return of value (efficiency/hours saved, risk reduction, regulatory compliance, etc.).
Lead regular presentations to the program manager on task success, intensify issues, and offer solutions for project risks.

Goals

Demonstrate the ability to lead efforts through individual initiative, influence, and adaptability.
Communicate initiative status to leadership via presentations, electronic updates, and dashboards.
Identify and track critical metrics for program improvements.

Required Skills

Strong communication and problem-solving skills
Business, Project Management, Computer Science, or Computer Security-related undergraduate degree or equivalent experience
Proficient at learning new software and IT platforms
Ability to work US/Eastern Time hours
Any level of undergraduate or graduate degree experience